rewards for 50s kickoff bot

the more time touching the ball during 50/50 - the better ? idk yet

also predict ball somehow and reset state before score so we dont waste time. like if its on target and 100% score insta reset

the bot excels in crazy reaction and precision
so our goal is to maximize potential human error. if somehow manage to turn kickoff to multiple 50/50s thats better

now we either score open net on kickoff and end fully.

or we demo the guy which pretty much 95% of scoring 


or we win boost and are in much much better position and have the guy in bad position.

these the only outcomes.

now we will also fight for not just big boost but also the small one and other small ones.

so if we dont insta score - then go for big boost, try to go for the same boost as the opponent. so that we could win it

also try demo or bump hard
for that we prefer supersonic asap

super huge reward for demo

also for bump reward based on how far and how high bumped

and ofc opposite of that anti rewards for opponent

i feel like the more delay second jump the better

and if second jump dont pretty much win 50/50 hard we prefer wavedash with it

and jsut overall not just bump but if fly away high and far we want that

ofc reward for possesion but we should pretty much reset if non open net

now in boost we go toward the one where ball bounce i guess






so for the start just make bot go toward the ball asap, touch it

a bunch of noob rewards built in

train this method until we have decent noob kickoff

the faster the touch the better


then craft a insane 50/50 reward calc

50/50 reward - how close to the ball as well as velocities taken into account, zero sum ofc. how well facing the ball
also how fast you land ( so wavedash will be good)
also reward wavedash
also wavedash how much accel gives also reward
negative reward on how youre aligned on defense . if opponent posession neg reward if youre not covering


so theres goal,
theres possesion with boost and opponent no boost
and just possesion ( opponent access boost so do you) 
then posession no boost opponent has boost or posession but you in shitty position in your side and opponent good positon


so we just do speedflip - goal to acel to supersonic asap, then we go 50/50 the ball

huge reward for that unless open net if no 50/50

then if still no open net we battle for boosts.
and eventually big boost

also super hard on bumps and demos

at early stages big reward for just going for ball shooting it bruteforce

also if can shoot then shoot because if opponent needs to save you auto win boost

at start use tick skip